Topic:: create ci/cd for frontend projects in AWS,ubuntu20.04

1.create one ec2 instance having os ubuntu 20.04 and also in Advanced details select ec2codedeploy role in "IAM instance profile"
for how to create it i share doc. on drive. 
2.fire cmds:
	sudo apt-get -y update
	sudo apt-get -y install apache2
	cd /var/www/html
	sudo apt-get -y install ruby
	sudo apt-get install wget
	wget https://aws-codedeploy-ap-south-1.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/latest/install
	sudo chmod +x ./install
	sudo ./install auto
	sudo service codedeploy-agent start

3.On other side go to Code Deploy service and select Create application in
Applications.

	• Step2:Give name it and Select “EC2/On-premises” in compute platform
		and create application
	• Step3:Now Select “Create deployment group” in created application,
		give name to deployment group according to project name e.g. 
		IB-frontend_Deployment, select role which we created for code
		deploy in previously share in other file of i am role folder.
	• Step4:In Environment configuration select Amazon EC2 instances, in “key”
		select “name", in value option select ec2 instance name on which you
		want to live project.
	Note:: all projects are live on same ec2 instance so in value option everytime select same insance name,in my case it is "server" also there 
	       is only we have to create one application(step2) and inside of it we have to create diffrent deployment groups for diffrent projects(step3&4)

	• Step5: In “load balancer” option untick “Enable load balancing” and select “Create deployment group”.

4.Now Goto Create pipeline, give name pipeline click next, in source add GitHub (Version2), if doing this first time then select “connect to GitHub", give name 
  to connection and select “connect to GitHub", then select “Install New app” in that select “All repositories” if you want to add all repo in connection or 
  select “Only select repositories” if want to add specific repo. In connection. Then save it.

5.Now, in repository name select the repo you want to connect and in branch name, name of the branch you want to add, click Next.

6.Skip the build stage.

7.Deploy stage select “AWS CodeDeploy” in Application name of the app,in Deployment group select name of Deployment group of specific project you want to live.

8.Click next. Click “Create Pipeline”.

9.In Pipeline Deploy section go to details > Events > View Events,if all events show successfull it means pipline execute successfully.

10. Add .htaccess file manually in project folder,also give permission for .htaccess for that fire cmds::
	sudo a2enmod rewrite
	nano /etc/apache2/apache2.conf

    go to very bottom of file on there paste data give below::
	<Directory "/var/www/html">
	AllowOverride All
	</Directory> 
    restart apache server
	service apache2 restart
    now your project is live and works fine